feat(apig/plugin): support the associate resource (#3013)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/apig_plugin_associate.md

# huaweicloud_apig_plugin_associate

Use this resource to bind the APIs to the plugin within HuaweiCloud.

-> A published API can only create one `huaweicloud_apig_plugin_associate` resource.
   For each type of plugin, the API can only bind at most one.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "instance_id" {}
variable "plugin_id" {}
variable "publish_environment_id" {}
variable "bind_api_ids" {
  type = list(string)
}

resource "huaweicloud_apig_plugin_associate" "test" {
  instance_id = var.instance_id
  plugin_id   = var.plugin_id
  env_id      = var.publish_environment_id
  api_ids     = var.bind_api_ids
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region where the plugin and the APIs are located.  
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used. Changing this will create a new resource.

* `instance_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the ID of the dedicated instance to which the APIs and the
  plugin belong.  
  Changing this will create a new resource.

* `plugin_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the plugin ID for APIs binding.  
  Changing this will create a new resource.

> * `env_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) The environment ID where the API was published.

Reviewer: missing 'Changing this will create a new resource.'

Author: fixed.

* `api_ids` - (Required, List) Specifies the API IDs bound by the plugin.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource ID. The format is `<instance_id>/<plugin_id>/<env_id>`.

## Import

Associate resources can be imported using their `plugin_id`, `env_id` and the related dedicated instance ID to which

> the plugin and APIs belong, separated by a slash, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the plugin and APIs belong, separated by slashes, e.g.
```

Author: fixed.
